It's okay, I agree.
I thank your ancestors for eighteen generations.
Quickly flee with your Dragon King of Karma.
Smiling to death, his harem needs you, what are you saying?
I said that.
Isn't that annulment?
Come on, I can hear what someone just said.
A harem or something.
The voice is identical to the jade road.
Did I hear the voice?
Okay, I promise.
Uncle Don is talking about getting engaged to my father.
We'll be right over.
Perfect.
Ha ha ha
Don't go.
Facing this kind of stupid woman, you have to make a decision right away.
Cut off the relationship immediately.
I see how the devil steals money.
Master, I want to be the last enemy of Tang Tang
I'm sorry, Su Ha.
The First Beauty of Suzhou City
Become a harem
But Ye Chen has destroyed people's homes.
Sugar Tank
Ah, Tang Tang Tang Yu.
What's wrong?
You're welcome, I'm just a rainbow.
Yeah, it's just me and him.
Maybe he could just talk.
That's ridiculous.
Can I hear him?
Well, don't worry about it.
Isn't that the word "kiss"?
Don't worry.
Sir.
Hi, Sue, little fish.
You're back in time.
Your father and I are studying your marriage to the Guangdong people.
Which day do you think is better?
Uh, Sue, the elders.
That's right.
I think so.
Strongly twisted melon cannot be sweet.
I've been thinking about it lately, thinking about myself a little bit.
I think my personality and Mo Yue s really don t match up very well.
This marriage.
Haha, forget it.
What small fish?
Is that what you mean by laminated fish?
No, there's no woodfish, what's going on?
Sorry about the house.
The Road To became the first beautiful woman to be a harem because Ye Thuan family destroyed people.
Dad, let me talk.
Actually, what I'm trying to say is
If you want to marry me, look at me.
Just saying it's inappropriate?
What do you say is inappropriate?
You said you wanted to marry me.